should this is a profit from their royal
status the Sussex is Harry and making
sure they profit from their royal status
is that what you think they're doing or
that they may end up doing what they may
want end up doing most likely let's be
honest we've already seen them
trademarked the Sussex name and I think
it's highly unlikely that they won't
continue to carry on this trend yeah
Lawrence what's your view on it all
makes it hmm
I feel sorry for them in a way but I
because it's difficult when you've got a
new baby and all of that and it's and
it's hard but I just had this feeling
that shouldn't but surely Harry must
have had a chat to Megan at some point
and said by the way darling
this is gonna be misery and you don't
have to marry me if you don't want it
and then maybe they did yeah maybe they
did but then you know and then you want
to you want to hop out it's like well
you know coming up the cottage back and
your HR h's I think it's really unfair
because that we've got the Queen it was
an extremely different ballgame isn't
she you know she's Duty ahead of
everything else and I think you know
when you're younger you you do want to
make a life for your family so I do
empathize with them but I do think it's
there's a little bit of having cake and
eating it which I don't enjoy okay yes
that your hand right up the problem
we've got with this is that Megan has
agreed to be Harry's wife and then the
press have torn her to pieces
let's be really clear about what they
says let's call it by its name it's
racism she has been told to be taught
racism it's the most fun lovely country
[Applause]
worries me about your comment is you are
a white privilege male to be racist
either way I'll just add in that Priti
Patel the Home Secretary also took the
view that it wasn't racism I'm not
making a judgment on that either way
the woman in the red top there as this
question you were nodding your head
along vigorously what have you got to
say oh well I think when Megan first
married Harry I thought it was a breath
of fresh air I thought it was it was
good acid it was nice to have somebody
like her who was not a royal she came
from America she came from an ordinary
background I thought that was all great
but I think that she's actually joined a
club and now she just doesn't like the
rules and she wants to opt out and as
Lawrence said I think surely she must
have reached she's an intelligent woman
surely she must have realized some of
what was going to happen but it might be
Harry what he's driving
sorry but it seems to be that it's Megan
that it's all about I don't know or we
don't we don't we can only speculate can
we Shammi what's what's your take on
this and I think that you've got to walk
around in someone else's shoes now I
know that to be royalty is not to be the
worst off person in the country or on
the planet but I still try to walk
around in someone else's shoes and I do
think that some of the things that are
being said a pre harsh and I would never
say that because Europe you know because
you're a white man you don't
have a perspective but I would ask you
to consider the perspective of anybody
who who's had a different experience and
I and I know that Britain is a wonderful
country and I I'm second to no one in my
love of my country but it is you know
loving your country doesn't mean that
you say there is no racism in the
country and there are no issues in the
press in this city perhaps more than
anywhere else in this country you know
about abuses by parts of the press and I
specifically looked at peace I think it
was in BuzzFeed today where it was a
very very forensic comparison between
the treatment of the two princes shall I
shall I quote so this is the Daily
Express
so the Daily Express talking about Kate
choosing flowers and in August they said
in 2011 the opposite for the wedding
like the bride herself the bouquet was
effortlessly elegant and understated
then the daily spritz on on Megan
choosing plans for her wedding
how Megan Marcos flowers may put
princess Charlotte's life at risk now
that's all I think wholly select I'm not
saying that represents the daily
expresses perspective on thing but
that's and it goes on and it goes on and
one's touching their bump too much and
the other one's not touching it now when
avocados are good and avocados that evil
he was so forensic ly done and and and
it's not just the press I mean some of
the I mean I'm not on social media
because I'm a dinosaur but I'm also not
on social media because some of it is
just so awful and I do think forgive me
I do think that is that the Dutchess of
Sussex has had some some some really
rough Street now the question was is it
right they should profits it's tricky
isn't it because you can't we can't have
it sort of both ways if they say if we
say we want to slim down real family we
want to spend less public money on
people who are not in the direct line of
succession etc etcetera you could say
that on the one hand and then you say
over they shouldn't profit from their
what they cannot Prince Harry cannot
escape his birth and his status and part
of that is a very very tragic story
about
losing your mother when you're too young
I have some sympathy for that have some
empathy for that and I think we should
just tone it down a little bit
did you want to come back in for I I
think that it's one of the dangerous
things about throwing racism around in
this country which we're doing a lot at
the moment is people become so conscious
of it that things like the Manchester
grooming scandal get ignored so that you
know we need to be careful that we need
to call out racism when it's seen when
it's obvious and when it's there and we
should stand together to condemn it but
for fear of sounding racist there's been
a horrific things have happened in
Manchester and in terms all over the
north of England and we should be
careful and use racism when when it's
there and it's obvious and not a call
someone racist just because they don't
agree you know when this story broke was
it Wednesday week ago I don't think any
of us could have foreseen how it was
going to go we've now see got this this
you've got the mail and made on Sunday
possibly calling Megan Marco's father I
think I know Marco on Markov situation
in in the court in the libel case I mean
what's your view on on what's happening
I think it makes the UK looks like it's
lost his marbles forgive me you know I
really struggle given all the issues
that are kicking about in the world to
find any headspace whatsoever I think
the royal family has been the press
alternates with the Royals between utter
sycophancy and everything's fabulous
more sheer hatreds and we've seen it
over the years with each member of the
royal family don't issue public spending
um it's not entirely frivolous and and
out with the public donations security
and so on but all the issues facing us I
don't think this is the biggest one if
they want to be private citizens good
luck to them I wish them well they
absolutely give up the right to public
money when that happens absolutely
[Applause]
well lots of people want to talk about
it and that's why we're doing that
celebrity love island that doesn't mean
it's important I know not initial not a
single question on that I'm very glad to
say racism is a bit more serious the
idea that there is no racism in Britain
is quite a serious this unit and it goes
beyond there's no racism no doubt there
has been a great deal of racism directed
against Megan Markoff from members of
the public and some sections of the
press of course there has but I think in
general what is really aggravating
people isn't the color of her skin but
it's the errant hypocrisy that they have
shown on many occasions even the way in
which they want to exit the royal family
is you know they're not proposing to be
like you know let's say the Dutch royal
family where you cycle to work and you
maintain a regular job what they're
proposing is a kind of strange hybrid
where you're retain many of the perks
and privileges of being in the royal
family but you you expect none of the
duty and and to go back to the original
question about are we going to see them
cashing in on their brand yes I think we
will I think we're going to get a kind
of woke celebrity sort of Gwyneth
Paltrow meets Greta Thornburg with a bit
of a Kardashian thrown in for good
measure
type thing God now you've dated an
extraordinary vision and they say they
want to avoid press coverage but I think
what they're hoping to achieve with this
brand is to exchange UK coverage for
u.s. coverage I think the public
completely understands and emphasizes
with their need throat to live a more
private life and there were what routes
out of the royal family that would
enable them to do that but what they're
proposing is not a retreat from public
life at all I think it's the apocrypha
of that is that is really annoying a lot
of people
yes Fergie got 10 times worse pressing
Megan's ever ever had
furgus suit yeah and as soon as the
press a boot Megan I feel she pulls the
racist card now I am as she says a woman
of color and I feel she pulls the racist
card every time when some man is
something she doesn't like she straight
off with it's racist I'm not sure she's
personally has ever said that but other
people have said that for her yes
the and harry's mentioned I think the
woman in the red top yeah yeah I feel as
if there are you not naive they seem
bother naive to me and they've got their
priorities all big talk about being
family-oriented erases they said but we
know you mean orientated that's it but
and they seem to have I just seem to be
there knows it vulnerable but they have
priorities they go round back but they
didn't even they didn't tell the Queen
and they told the be telling the media
but they just seem to be to make a
couple about quite naive right no yeah
then we just got priorities round wide
me tell the Queen you tell your family
or but you're totally family first and
if they go on about their family their
child and everything Bobby yes awesome
unit we don't know if they didn't tell
the Queen on where we are speculating
because we always we never fall out with
our family come back to you sure Helen
well I mean where are there are
questions of racism I mean let's just
continue to put the message out there
it's not acceptable in our society we
won't tolerate tolerate it we shouldn't
tolerate it from members of the royal
family everyone wrote it for I mean I'm
sure that the American like others you
know have have experienced racism and I
haven't seen the analysis that you went
into but you know let's about the
original question to the Sussex profit
for their rural state I guess to come
what to come back to the overall point
um being a member of the royal family
there is clearly great sort of some
material benefit but it must be tough
living your entire life
in the public eye actually I can't
imagine okay I am sometimes in the
public eye but not that much of my life
is in the public eye I think it must be
really tough for now a huge number of
duties associated with it and you don't
get to make all your own choices and I
have a huge respect for my family huge
respect for the Queen and I just hope
that it's a shame this is being played
out so publicly but I hope that they
will be able to come to a conclusion and
move on and that's as Alan said there's
lots of other stuff that we should be
focusing on a country and that's where
we should be focusing our time and our
energies remember this structure thing
oh hi there we've spent ten minutes
talking about a family of multi
millionaires exists on state subsidies
benefits we move a little bit more
importantly it's not
[Applause]
[Music]